Chrome, or any other commercial browser, comes equipped with plugins.
You don't have to go fishing around for them, then paste them into your
config file. The music plays, the pdf file renders, etc.
Edbrowse will never be that streamlined, but this is an attempt to get closer.

This directory contains plugins for common tasks.
In some cases there are different plugins for the same task, using different
players, because we all have our personal preferences.
If you want a different player, you will need to customize the file
or write your own.

Sometimes the suffix is nothing more than a key to the plugin database.
Suppose a plugin descriptor says:
	suffix = snork
snork is not a standard file extension.
You won't see this-and-that.snork in the wild.
However, you can type b.snork, or pb.snork, or g.snork in directory mode,
to invoke the snork plugin on the file.
We will use this trick from time to time.

The config fragments are suffixed with .rc and live in the config directory. The
scripts all have the prefix edbrowse-plugin- and live in the scripts directory.
The decision not to suffix them with the scripting language (e.g. .sh for shell
or .py for python) is deliberate as they are executables and in general
executables in the path should not have an associated scripting language
hard-coded into the file name. Plugins following these conventions will be
automatically installed by the install rule. The scripts are installed in the
same bin directory as Edbrowse and the config fragments are installed under
$PLUGINSDIR directory. In the case of different plugins providing the same
suffix, the alphabetical order of includes is used to provide a predictable
default by prefixing the config fragment's filename with a number e.g.
01-audio-mp3-mpg123.rc for the default and 02-audio-mp3-mpv.rc for the mpv
version. Only plugins which provide duplicate functionality are prefixed in this
way. The first plugin handling a given content type, URL or suffix wins so if
you prefer to use a different plugin you can override these defaults by either
placing a symlink to your preferred installed plugin config fragment or a custom
plugin config fragment in a local plugins directory which you can then include
prior to the system default one in your config file.

disable plugins with the pg- command. Plugins don't run until you enable them
again. You can disable plugins on a one-time basis with the g- command.
